well howdy there internet people is Bo
again today is gonna be a little bit
different the Internet is mad at this
guy he was at a LEGO building
competition or something like that with
his son and he got on Twitter and
started live tweeting basically you know
he's like you know some kids play
football and I'm stuck here watching
this and just constantly tweet after
tweet mocked them and yeah I mean he
definitely got some backlash on Twitter
but I get it I understand
I mean Legos that's kind of nerdy you
know especially getting cuz my son's
just a couple years older than him
this castle behind us you know that's
just something for his little brothers
to play on and he built that it's
temporary it's gonna be torn down but uh
he built it to code anyway no plans no
diagrams made all the measurements
himself laid out the walls and
everything I did the cutting and I
lifted the hardy borkus and that fiber
is heavy but uh he did that he did that
I imagine that this guy's son had done
that he would have been proud okay
that's manly that is masculine creating
something out of nothing just yeah shear
will bringing something into existence
that is cool you know where my son got
interested in building stuff I wish I
could say Legos that would really drive
the point home but it wasn't it was a
Minecraft I'll let you guys argue over
what is perceived as nerdier at the end
of the day dude your kid built a robot a
working robot that's awesome you should
be proud but in the interest of looking
manly to your followers you got on
Twitter and made fun of him and all
those other kids that were there too all
those other kids these kids are building
robots I'm pretty sure they know how to
computer works they're probably going to
see that
and I know what you're saying it's just
a joke it's not what a joke when you
were probably doing it to the kids in
your class 20 or 30 years ago and it's
certainly not under joke now when you're
a grown man still picking on kids what
is wrong with you
at the end of the day your kids got a
pretty valuable skill they're already
developed and you're mocking it and
you're mocking it you're mocking the
creative aspects of masculinity that's
probably a bad idea just saying you
might want to get on Twitter and
apologize to your son and all the other
kids they got caught in a crossfire
because you wanted to look tough and
manly picking on kids anyway it's just a
thought y'all y'all have a good day